# CS-340
**
**How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?****
I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by making my programs modular in nature and providing inline comments for documenting code I create. The advantages of making my code modular is it is easy to implement to multiple different programs, such as the CRUD Python module from Project One to be applied to Project Two's dashboard widgets, and another is it is easy to find errors and fix them as each element performs only one task.

**How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?**
As a computer scientist, my approach to a problem is first to breakdown each individual element of the request into singular parts, then to find which parts are the base to be applied to the other parts of the request. For example, in Project Two, the requirements asked for a geolocation map that is updatable while running. In order to do so, I thought about what was needed to create the map. The map required the location information from the file, which meant that the read part of CRUD was needed to find the animal to place on the map. Therefore, I knew that I had to use the read function when constructing the map. My approach to this project did not differ too much from previous assignments in other courses as I try to follow the same flow. Going forward, I would apply aggregation tools in order to streamline my data aquistion and search time. 

**What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?**
Computer scientists solve problems through simplification. They develop software that can process data at speeds that humans cannot replicate manually and do precise calculations. The work I have done on this project will help companies be able to sort through files with multiple elements, each with subelements, and be able to sort, find, update, and delete them as necessary. For example, the animals file we were working with had over 10000 animals; searching manually for a specific dog's age range would take an astronomical times difference longer compared to the quick search time that my project produced. 
